## Philly-music-map
#### A clickable map of Philadelphia music venues that shows upcoming concerts

To start the app, download the *dist/* directory and open *index.html*. (The source code is in the main directory.) When the map loads, it will fetch information on upcoming concerts at the venues displayed. Click on any listed venue or the corresponding marker (it will bounce when you hover the mouse over the venue name) to see information on upcoming concerts at that venue -- this will include links to the venue's website and ticket information, if these are available. The data is obtained from the JamBase API. The API is very restrictive, however, and only allows 50 calls a day, despite my request to raise the limit onsubmitted several times according to their instructions. As a result, I have limited the number of venues to 7, so the app can run 7 times in 24 hours before hitting the limit and having calls rejected. When this happens, the app will notify you that data could not be obtained. The API additionally limits calls to 2 per second, so the app uses an interval timer to space out the calls. Even then, and with processing moved out of the AJAX call function, 1.5-second intervals caused problems with venues that have a lot of concert data. So the intervals are set at 2 seconds, and the app loads slowly. Venues appear on the map as data is received and processed. Since there is very little DOM manipulation and the load time is already long, I opted for plain Javascript rather than adding jQuery to the mix.

By checking the appropriate box in the search bar, the artist lists for the concerts at each venue will be searched instead of the venue names. I was not able to implement a planned feature that would scroll to the searched-for artist if an infowindow was opened, so you must manually scroll through the concerts to find the artist. Scrolling is awkward in Firefox, but it can be done if you click on the righ-hand side of the infowindow to make the scroll bar appear and then click and drag it.

I went ahead with the app despite the API limitations, because I think it is potentially useful. I hope to find the time to revise the app to integrate a database, which would allow a much larger number of venues to be displayed.
